What's the next step is to install NPM Norton and Beam produce Lawson at this command.
I took this from the official documentation so you can also search and deploy node to OSU and they have
official document as an official tutorial as well.
There's one that's.
It's tradition that's 2019.
So here also you'll find the same information, I'm pretty sure.
Again, this one looks a little different.
Now, let me go back.
Let me try this very first one.
I.
So, yeah, that is the same comment I have used here.
All right.
So let me just go through this one.
So you concur.
We're going to run this command.
So here in the dissolution.
So this is this is access into the digital asset server.
We're going to run this to institutional.
I could.
Now this one, it's a bit hard to exit so we can try this command control x, the control x, so we
exit.
No, it's okay.
So that was two command exit.
That was the first.
Come on, let me just run this one more time just to make sure.
It ain't okay.
And this one I think we did already.
But let's do it one more time.
I get to control X.
All right, that's done.
Next, we have to run this.
Password.
Well it's happening.
Let me copy this from an assault sudo apt install notice.
It's done.
No, it says sudo apt to get install nodes.
Yes.
I guess let me just paste that.
I.
So with that, I think instilling note is done.
So once we have know that we have NPM as well.
So no problem then.
Once it is done, we're going to try to see the version worse version, whatever we have.
We won't have the latest version.
And then we can start cloning the repository from GitHub so that we have the code base here.
And then we're going to make some changes in the in the next server and that that is it.
We should be able to start our project.
It just looks like that's done.
Let me take the version node that's fit so into we are using version ten.
I guess we we we installed version ten probably we should just send this to version 15.
I think that is the current one at the moment.
Let me just boost here and change this to version 15.
And then copy that and let's run this one more time so that we get the latest version.
I just change this from 10 to 15 x.
I guess we have to run this one more time.
Control X.
And the last one, finally, this.
But this time let's try and know.
Okay.
So we got the latest version 50.
That's perfect.
Okay, so that's done with.
And so note next, we can start cloning the repository.
All right, so let's clone both back end in front end and let's go here.
Let's start with server EDI client, that is.
Repositories.
So this is the recent one.
And eating your server, let's bring in the server first so you can click here, grab this code and
come back to our terminal.
And here let's and let's do a story that's going to have to start with git clone using pseudo pseudo
git clone based that URL and give the name.
So if you leave it as it is, it will create this folder.
Let's just call it so as to make it easier.
So you have to give the GitHub username password.
This is the GitHub password.
Okay?
This is not the disclosed password.
And we have got the code base here.
You can see we have the server perfect CD server and S and you can see we have all our vegan code is
here.
Perfect.
All we have to do is run npm install here.
So let me go back again.
And in the root directory along with the server, let's also import the client client project as well.
So let's click you go to code, click here and here, get it.
Do sudo git clone paste that url and then give the folder name client.
I guess it would got both client and server folder.
Perfect.
Let's see what else is here.
So we have to get inside these projects and run and beam in stone.
Now, before we do that, let's also configure engineer.
So we have to make some changes so that our server.
EPA can run on 8000 and the front end will run on Local 3000.
I guess we will have the same domain until we have the domain.
We will be able to access the the app using the IP address.
I guess so.
The the front end will be served in the forward SLAs, but anything with SLAs API will be used for the
API.
All right.
So we have to go to this file, added this default in the next file and add this to location block so
you can copy this code and copy that.
And I'm pretty sure you used the 8000, 3000 in your local project as well.
So copy that and navigate to this folder.
Here, see the space, s+, etc..
Engine x.
Celeste sides there's a valuable.
Okay.
So sorry.
We don't have the engineers.
We haven't installed engineers yet.
Did we miss the Indian Express installation?
Thank you, sir.
Looks like I missed that step here in the studio.
Louis.
Soledad.
Okay.
No, actually, it's.
I missed that.
Okay, so let's install engine X first.
Yes y and hit enter.
Now we should be able to go to this for this to see the space less except wrestlers in the next class.
So it's available.
All right.
So you can have a look at this default file we have.
We're going to edit this fight to pseudo vim.
The and default.
Thank you.
So again, to edit this file, you can press a.
And then you can use the up and down, right and left arrow keys to navigate.
So you can see we have this server several blocks here.
Replace the location code block with the following code.
EPA will run and put a thousand.
Your React app will run on 43,000.
So grab this code and then come here all the way down to the location.
BLOCK So you can see here we have to replace the location.
Now, instead of deleting this file, let me just comment this out so that if we need to in future,
we always have it here.
So use this as a symbol that will.
The comment is called out.
Okay.
So with that, we can come down here and then paste that.
So could block this location.
BLOCK.
Okay, come here.
Best.
Yeah.
Sorry.
It looks like I didn't copy.
Let me just come back here one more time and copy that.
Copy that.
Come here and paste you.
Perfect.
So I have the two location block here.
Next, we can save that file and then take to make sure we have no errors.
Okay, so skip colon WQ hit enter.
All right.
Now let's make sure no errors sudo and the next dusty digit is successful.
Now this is really important.
Make sure to restart in the next okay.
Otherwise you will not see any changes.
Sudo systems need to restart and the next.
Thank you.
That's done.
And the next configuration is done.
Now we can start running our project.
So we need to get into it towards H2.
Let me go to the group directory.
So we need to go into each server.
We need to go into the client, create the EMV.
Fine, because we had the we didn't commit these to GitHub.
Right.
So we need to create these files and add whatever environment variables we need for both back end and
front end.
And then we can run NPM install and that's it.
We, we can start running our project.
Obviously we have to install the MongoDB as well, but that is it.
We should be able to.
Right our obligation in the lives of.
So let's continue this in the next video.
Let's clear this in the files and add these environment variables.